Case 9:24-cr-80053-AMC Document 98 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/11/2025 Page 1 of 17

UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA
CASE NO. 24-80053-CR-CANNON
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
vs.
THOMAS PETER KATSAMPES,
Defendant.
__________________________________/
GOVERNMENT’S SENTENCING MEMORANDUM AS TO
DEFENDANT THOMAS PETER KATSAMPES
COMES NOW, the United States of America, by and through its undersigned attorneys,
and respectfully submits this sentencing memorandum as to Thomas Peter Katsampes (the
“defendant”). 1
Crimes involving the sexual abuse of children are incalculably serious. Offenders who
traffic in child pornography inflict grave, lifelong trauma on their victims. And far too often, these
victims go unidentified, meaning their suffering goes unvoiced. As one court put it,
[c]hild pornography is a vile, heinous crime. Mention the term to your average
American and he responds with immediate disgust and a sense of unease. However,
once it enters the legal system, child pornography undergoes sterilization. The
sterilization goes far beyond properly removing emotion from sentencing decisions.
Images are described in the most clinical sense. Victims all too often remain
nameless. The only emotions on display are those of defendants, sorry that their
actions were discovered by law enforcement.
United States v. Cunningham, 680 F. Supp. 2d 844, 847 (N.D. Ohio 2010). Here, the defendant
helped moderate a site where thousands of users trafficked in countless images and videos
depicting the sexual exploitation, abuse, and even torture of such victims. Given the exceptionally
For the Court’s awareness, the government intends to call a law enforcement witness to testify at the
sentencing hearing on matters related to the defendant’s objections to the PSR. [ECF No. 94]. The
government anticipates that this testimony should not take more than an hour.

1

Case 9:24-cr-80053-AMC Document 98 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/11/2025 Page 2 of 17

serious nature of this case and the sentences imposed on the defendant’s co-conspirators, the
government respectfully recommends that the Court impose a sentence of 292 months, which is
the low end of the recommended sentencing range under the Guidelines. This sentence is fully
justified by the sentencing factors in 18 U.S.C. § 3553(a), and it is consistent with the sentences
this Court has already handed down to the defendant’s co-conspirators.
BACKGROUND
As the Court well knows, “Website A” was an online sanctuary for pedophiles and child
predators. For years, it was among the largest private meeting places on the dark web for users to
discuss and share child pornography. The site operated as an online forum divided into chatrooms
of varied exclusivity, where thousands of offenders from around the world could gather to explore
their shared sexual interest in children, validate each other’s conduct and destructive sexual
impulses, share tips on how to abuse children and avoid detection, and embolden each other to
escalate their behavior. [See ECF No. 93 (“PSR”) at ¶¶ 6-9]. An initial, public-facing chatroom
was accessible to registered members and new visitors, where anyone could post, view, and discuss
child pornography. [Id. at ¶¶ 9-10]. Moderators like the defendant advised users in this room that
regularly sharing child pornography would earn them an invitation into an interior chatroom,
which was a more curated version of the public chatroom. [Id. at ¶¶ 9-10, 126(d)-(e)]. Beyond
these two rooms were various specialized chatrooms to which members gained access by posting
even more child pornography. [Id. at ¶ 12]. These included rooms dedicated to child pornography
depicting the sexual abuse of girls; the sexual abuse of infants and toddlers; and minors being
subjected to bestiality, sexual abuse involving “scat” or human excrement, and sexual violence
and torture. [Id.]. These topics were not suggestions; rather, staff members and moderators ensured
that users only posted on-theme content in these rooms. [See, e.g., id. at ¶¶ 9-18]. Website A also

2

Case 9:24-cr-80053-AMC Document 98 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/11/2025 Page 3 of 17

contained a chatroom where users could share detailed advice on how to avoid detection by law
enforcement, including through the use of sophisticated technologies. [Id. at ¶¶ 13, 17].
Such a large and active community, of course, can never exist in the real world. It can only
exist online, and in the darkest corners of the internet. Nor could Website A have existed without
the defendant and others like him. While the defendant was not a founding member of the site, he
was nevertheless an important user who, after months of active participation, was promoted to a
moderating position by the site’s leader. [PSR at ¶¶ 124, 126(b)]. 2 In fact, the defendant was
personally trained on how to moderate Website A’s users by the site’s leader, who gave the
defendant clear guidance on how to “check in” to the “staff room” when he starts a moderating
shift and how to “check out” when he ends his shift. The head administrator then explained to the
defendant that he (1) was responsible for “coaching” lower ranking users on how to share child
pornography, (2) should be “courteous” when muting lower-ranking users or correcting their posts,
and (3) now outranked broad swaths of users on the site.
The defendant took his moderating role seriously. As a moderator, he, inter alia, instructed
users on how to share child pornography on the site and cautioned them that failure to post illicit
material in accordance with the site’s rules could result in its removal. [Id. at ¶ 124, 126(b)-(e)].
He likewise advised users on the site’s other rules—including to post only “on-topic” content (that
is, content depicting the sexual abuse of children) and to label such content based on what it
depicts—and enticed users to share additional child pornography by offering them greater access
to Website A in return. [Id.]

The defendant received his first promotion on the site in March 2022, which he earned by sharing large
quantities of child pornography. [PSR at ¶ 126(a)]. As the site’s rules explained, this promotion allowed
him greater access to more exclusive repositories of child pornography on the site, although he was not yet
a moderator. [Id.] Approximately eight months later, the site’s leader selected the defendant for promotion
to a moderating role. [Id. at ¶ 126(b)].
2

3

Case 9:24-cr-80053-AMC Document 98 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/11/2025 Page 4 of 17

In addition to his moderating responsibilities, the defendant was also a frequent contributor
to Website A’s overall enterprise: the proliferation of material depicting the sexual abuse of
children. For example, in September 2022, the defendant made a post with the text “girl gets her
pretty slit toyed” and shared a link for other users on the site to a series of images depicting an
adult man inserting phallic objects into the anus and vagina of a fully nude, prepubescent girl. [Id.
at ¶ 127(b)]. The defendant likewise solicited other users to engage in “roleplaying” exercises with
him, in which he would pretend to be a “cute” child interested in engaging in sex acts with other
“CUTE!* :-P” prepubescent children. [Id. at ¶ 125]. In one instance, the defendant sent another
user 25 images of two prepubescent girls engaging in sex acts with each other along with the
prompt “us?,” presumably to initiate a role-playing fantasy. [Id. at ¶ 127(a)].
Website A launched in approximately 2017. [PSR at ¶ 6]. By June 2022, agents with the
FBI had arrested its number-two administrator—Selwyn Rosenstein—who helped run the site
from his home in Florida. [Id. at ¶ 20]. Five months later, the FBI arrested the leader of the site—
William Spearman—and charged him with running this sprawling conspiracy. [Id. at ¶¶ 4, 44-66].
Website A proved too unwieldy for the remaining administrators to manage alone, however, and
it—along with three other dark-web child pornography sites that Spearman helped run—were
dismantled as a result.
After Website A ceased operating in its original form, the defendant migrated to other
child-pornography sites on the dark web, where he continued to traffic in images of minors being
sexually abused, role-play the sexual abuse of children with other like-minded offenders, and
perform moderating duties. [PSR at ¶¶ 128, 129, 130(f)]. Law enforcement, however, continued
to investigate users of Website A. As a result of these investigative efforts, offenders who
contributed to Website A’s criminal enterprise from around the United States and abroad—

4

Case 9:24-cr-80053-AMC Document 98 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/11/2025 Page 5 of 17

including in the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Italy, Germany, Estonia, Belgium, and South
Africa—were identified and apprehended. This defendant’s criminal conduct was put to an end in
June 2024, when the FBI executed a warrant to search his home in Minnesota and arrested him.
[Id. at ¶ 130]. After his arrest, a federal grand jury in the Southern District of Florida returned a
superseding indictment charging him with conspiracy to advertise and conspiracy to distribute
child pornography. [ECF No. 26]. In March 2025, this Court accepted the defendant’s plea of
guilty to both counts, [ECF No. 91], which was supported by a factual proffer, [ECF No. 88].
SENTENCING ANALYSIS
“In sentencing a defendant, first the district court ‘shall consider ... the kinds of sentence
and the sentencing range established for ... the applicable category of offense committed by the
applicable category of defendant as set forth in the guidelines.’” 18 U.S.C. § 3553(a)(4)(A). The
Sentencing Guidelines are thus the appropriate starting point from which the Court exercises its
discretion under § 3553(a). See United States v. Crawford, 407 F.3d 1174, 1178–79 (11th Cir.
2005). This Court therefore “must first calculate the Guidelines range, and then consider what
sentence is appropriate for the individual defendant in light of the statutory sentencing factors, 18
U.S.C. § 3553(a), explaining any variance from the former with reference to the latter.” Nelson v.
United States, 129 S. Ct. 890, 891-92 (2009).
I.

THE APPLICABLE SENTENCING GUIDELINES
The U.S. Probation Office has filed a PSR with the following Guidelines calculation:

Guideline
Base Offense Level (U.S.S.G. § 2G2.2(a)(2));
Enhancement for trafficking in material that involved a prepubescent minor and
a minor who had not attained the age of 12 years (id. § 2G2.2(b)(2));
Enhancement for distributing in exchange for non-pecuniary consideration (id.
§ 2G2.2(b)(3)(B));
Enhancement for trafficking in material that portrays masochistic conduct or
5

Offense
Level
22
+2
+5

Case 9:24-cr-80053-AMC Document 98 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/11/2025 Page 6 of 17

other depictions of violence or sexual abuse of exploitation of an infant or
toddler (id. § 2G2.2(b)(4));
Enhancement for use of a computer or interactive computer service for receipt
of child pornography (id. § 2G2.2(b)(6));
Enhancement for an offense involving more than 600 images (id. §
2G2.2(b)(7)(D));
Enhancement for being a manager/supervisor of criminal activity involving
more than five individuals (id. § 3B1.1(b));
Reduction for demonstration of acceptance of responsibility (id. § 3E1.1(a));
Reduction for timely notification of intent to plead guilty (id. § 3E1.1(b)). 3
TOTAL:

+4
+2
+5
+3
-2
-1
40

[PSR at ¶¶ 148-63]. This calculation accurately reflects the facts underlying the defendant’s
offenses and his relevant conduct. The PSR further places him in Criminal History Category I,
which results in a Guidelines sentencing range of 292 to 365 months in prison. [Id. at ¶ 205].
II.

THE 18 U.S.C. § 3553(A) FACTORS WARRANT A 292-MONTH SENTENCE
Careful consideration of the sentencing factors enumerated in § 3553(a) confirms that there

is no reason to vary or depart from the Guidelines range here. In particular, § 3553(a)(1) provides
that courts must consider the nature and circumstances of the offense as well as the history and
characteristics of the defendant in crafting a sentence. Additional factors outlined in § 3553(a)(2)
include the need for the sentence to reflect the seriousness of the offense; promote respect for the
law; provide just punishment; afford adequate deterrence to criminal conduct; protect the public
from further crimes of the defendant; and provide the defendant with needed education or
vocational training, medical care, or other corrective treatment in the most effective manner.
Section 3553(a) also instructs courts to consider the need to avoid sentencing disparities between
similarly situated defendants. See 18 U.S.C. § 3553(a)(6). Based on these factors, a 292-month
sentence is sufficient but not greater than necessary to achieve the purposes set forth in § 3553(a).

If the Court finds that the defendant has accepted responsibility and is entitled to a two-level reduction
under U.S.S.G. § 3E1.1(a), the United States moves to adjust his offense level downward by one level
pursuant to § 3E1.1(b) for his timely guilty plea.

3

6

Case 9:24-cr-80053-AMC Document 98 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/11/2025 Page 7 of 17

A. The Nature and Circumstances of the Offenses
The PSR provides a thorough overview of Website A and the conduct of the defendant and
his co-conspirators. In short, Website A was a sprawling and complex criminal enterprise catering
to pedophiles and enthusiasts of child pornography. Anyone who encountered it would have
immediately understood that it was dedicated to the exchange of images and videos depicting the
rape, abuse, and exploitation of minors. Users of the website—of which there were thousands—
trafficked in large volumes of child pornography and discussed the sexual abuse of minors for
years. This high volume of activity was by design: the users who ran the site required other users
to share child pornography in order to gain greater access to the site.
But Website A was more than just a website or a place to acquire images and videos of
minors being sexually abused. It was a flourishing community where offenders could come
together, discuss their interests, share information, provide advice on how to avoid law
enforcement, and normalize one another’s sexual desire for young children. Offenders who
gravitate to these sorts of communities are more dangerous than other trafficking offenders—like
those who obtain their child pornography through more impersonal methods of distribution—
because these online communities allow offenders to validate their sexual interest in children “so
that actual sexual contact with a child no longer seems as wrong” and the step from possession to
production of child pornography no longer seems as drastic. United States v. Klear, 3 F. Supp. 3d
1298, 1304 (M.D. Ala. 2014). And, to make matters worse, the technology underlying Website A
was designed to allow these offenders to engage in these activities anonymously but openly, and
with a measure of assurance that their crimes would not be detected. [PSR ¶ 11].
All of this was possible because of the dedicated work of the defendant and the other
moderators of Website A, who facilitated child exploitation offenses on a massive, global scale.

7

Case 9:24-cr-80053-AMC Document 98 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/11/2025 Page 8 of 17

The defendant was therefore not a casual, tepid, or conflicted participant in this criminal enterprise.
Instead, he fully committed himself to Website A, rose through the ranks to become one of a select
group of members who oversaw the thousands of lower-level users on the site, and spent significant
amounts of his time chatting with other users, sharing child pornography on the site, and making
sure others followed the rules. This was not a crime of opportunity or the result of a momentary
lapse of judgment. To the contrary, defendant’s crimes took sustained planning, effort, and time.
The conduct and the concomitant harm he caused was both real and significant.
Although this Court must consider other factors beyond the defendant’s offense conduct,
this Court should nonetheless give significant weight to his activity on Website A at sentencing.
See, e.g., United States v. Croteau, 819 F.3d 1293, 1309 (11th Cir. 2016) (“The weight given to
any specific § 3553(a) factor is committed to the sound discretion of the district court.”).
B. The History and Characteristics of the Defendant
The defendant’s history and characteristics also weigh strongly in favor of a 292-month
sentence.
While it is true that this is the defendant’s first criminal conviction, it also true that he
engaged in ceaseless criminal activity on Website A for months, if not longer. [PSR at ¶ 124]. And
given the level of familiarity with online-child-exploitation communities that one would need to
find a site like Website A—not to mention the dedication it takes to get promoted to a moderator
on the site and the fact that the defendant migrated to different child-pornography sites after
Website A ceased operating in its original form—it stands to reason that the defendant’s childpornography-related conduct extends far beyond the timeframe during which he was active on
Website A. Indeed, the defendant told the FBI during the search of his home that he found Website
A while perusing another dark-web site, that he visited several other similar sites, and that he was

8

Case 9:24-cr-80053-AMC Document 98 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/11/2025 Page 9 of 17

familiar with encryption software and sometimes used that software when accessing the dark web,
where he engaged in his illegal conduct. [Id. at 130]. In other words, he may have no previous
convictions, but that is only because he has never been caught. Being talented at committing crimes
without being detected is not a mitigating factor.
The Court should also conclude that the defendant was motivated to commit these offenses
by his sexual attraction to prepubescent children. He admitted to the FBI that he is attracted to
underage girls, and he regularly posted links on Website A depicting the sexual abuse and
exploitation of prepubescent girls, including girls as young as eight years old. [Id. at ¶¶ 130(c)-(d),
131]. The FBI also found images of child pornography on devices in his home, including content
depicting the sexual abuse of very young children. [Id. at ¶ 130].
The only conceivable explanation for this conduct is that the defendant harbors a deep
sexual interest in children. This is of particular concern given that there is reason to believe the
defendant is very tech-savvy and thus less likely to be caught in the future than the average childpornography offender. As outlined above, he is a sophisticated and likely experienced consumer
of child pornography, which he parlayed into a leadership role on Website A. He understood the
importance of using the dark web to avoid detection. He also took steps to conceal his criminal
conduct from those closest to him, including his wife and child. He is therefore far more capable
than the average offender of continuing to exploit children online without detection upon his
release from incarceration.
Seeking to rebut this conclusion, the defendant has provided the government with a psychosexual evaluation report prepared by Dr. William Samek, who has a Ph.D. in forensic and clinical
psychology. [See PSR at ¶ 182]. The government anticipates that the defense will submit this report
as mitigating evidence for sentencing, but this Court should give it little weight. To start, the report

9

Case 9:24-cr-80053-AMC Document 98 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/11/2025 Page 10 of 17

appears to be based almost entirely on information gleaned over the course of a single six-hour
interview with the defendant, meaning Dr. Samek reached his conclusions without reviewing any
of the underlying evidence in this case, including any of the child pornography found on the
defendant’s computer or the original posts he made on Website A. Nor does it appear that Dr.
Samek administered any sort of diagnostic tests or examinations on the defendant before forming
his diagnostic impressions. In other words, to reach his conclusions, Dr. Samek relied entirely on
the charging documents and the information provided to him by the defendant, who has every
reason to conceal from Dr. Samek any feelings, impulses, or past actions that would harm his
prospects at sentencing.
While the government harbors significant skepticism of the reliability of a psychologist’s
diagnostic impressions that are based on a single interview with no diagnostic testing and
apparently no attempts to corroborate or disprove the interviewee’s assertions, the government is
even more concerned by Dr. Samek’s conclusion that the defendant is “extremely unlikely to
recidivate.” [PSR at ¶ 182]. The only support he cites for this conclusion are his own experience
with men like the defendant and unspecified research. But it stands to reason that Dr. Samek’s
primary experience with the criminal justice system is preparing psycho-sexual evaluation reports
for offenders like the defendant to use at sentencing based on a single interview and no follow-up,
which is hardly an adequate basis to divine whether this particular defendant is likely to recidivate.
And while some psychologists administer certain tests—the Static-99R and the CPORT, for
example—when attempting to form an opinion on a defendant’s risk of recidivism, see, e.g., Henry
v. Abernathy, 647 F. Supp. 3d 12351242-43 (M.D. Ala. 2022) (discussing various “tools that are
used to assess an individual’s risk of sexual recidivism”), Dr. Samek appears not to have done so
here. That is likely because, to the extent these sorts of risk assessment tools have any predictive

10

Case 9:24-cr-80053-AMC Document 98 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/11/2025 Page 11 of 17

value, that value completely evaporates in cases like this one, where the defendant is facing a term
of incarceration of at least 15 years and his circumstances will be materially different upon his
release from prison. Dr. Samek’s untested hypothesis that the defendant presents little risk of
reoffending at this moment in time is thus of no value to this Court’s sentencing determination.
C. The Need for the Sentence Imposed to Reflect the Seriousness of the Offense,
Promote Respect for the Law, and Provide Just Punishment
It is beyond dispute that crimes involving the trafficking of child pornography are serious
and warrant significant sanctions. As “[l]ong-term studies” have confirmed, “sexual abuse is
grossly intrusive in the lives of children and is harmful to their normal psychological, emotional
and sexual development in ways which no just or humane society can tolerate.” United States v.
Irey, 612 F.3d 1160, 1207 (11th Cir. 2010) (en banc) (collecting authority). The fact that the
defendant’s conduct of conviction does not involve him committing hands-on acts of child sexual
abuse does not lessen the significance of his predatory and criminal behavior. Contrary to what
some may suggest, trafficking in images of child sexual abuse inherently involves the sexual abuse
of children, even if no new contraband is produced. See New York v. Ferber, 458 U.S. 747, 759
(1982). In fact, as explained above, the defendant’s community-building activity on Website A
here very likely played a role in encouraging other users to escalate from possessing to producing
child pornography. Accordingly, far from being victimless, trafficking in images of child sexual
abuse “harms children in part because it drives production [of child pornography], which involves
child abuse.” Paroline v. United States, 572 U.S. 434, 439 (2014).
Trafficking in child pornography also results in perpetual harm to children who have
already been sexually abused, all of whom are grappling with the indelible trauma caused by that
abuse. See id. at 440. As another court noted, “[i]t is well established that children featured in child
pornography are harmed by the continuing dissemination and possession of that pornography.
11

Case 9:24-cr-80053-AMC Document 98 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/11/2025 Page 12 of 17

Such images are ‘a permanent record of the children’s participation and the harm to the child is
exacerbated by their circulation.’” United States v. Burgess, 684 F.3d 445, 459 (4th Cir. 2012)
(quoting Ferber, 458 U.S. at 759). Accordingly, “[e]very instance of viewing images of child
pornography represents a renewed violation of the privacy of the victims and a repetition of their
abuse.” Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006, Pub. L. No. 109-248, § 501(2)(D),
120 Stat. 587, 624 (2006) (codified at 18 U.S.C. § 2251 note); see also United States v. Sherman,
268 F.3d 539, 547 (7th Cir. 2001) (recognizing that “[t]he possession, receipt and shipping of child
pornography directly victimizes the children portrayed by violating their right to privacy, and in
particular violating their individual interest in avoiding the disclosure of personal matters”). These
children, “who must live with the knowledge that adults like [the defendant] can pull out a picture
or watch a video that has recorded the abuse of [them] at any time,” “suffer a direct and primary
emotional harm” when offenders consume, receive, and advertise this child pornography.
Sherman, 268 F.3d at 547-48.
In light of the very serious harm caused by the defendant’s conduct—and the equally
serious harm that would befall his victims if he were to recidivate—it is particularly important that
this Court craft a sentence that provides just punishment. 18 U.S.C. § 3553(a)(2)(A). As the
Eleventh Circuit has observed, “because punishment should fit the crime, the more serious the
criminal conduct is the greater the need for retribution and the longer the sentence should be. The
seriousness of a crime varies directly with the harm it causes or threatens. It follows that the greater
the harm the more serious the crime, and the longer the sentence should be for the punishment to
fit the crime.” Irey, 612 F.3d at 1206. The Irey court cited the Senate Report regarding this
provision:
This purpose—essentially the “just deserts” concept—should be reflected clearly
in all sentences; it is another way of saying that the sentence should reflect the
12

Case 9:24-cr-80053-AMC Document 98 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/11/2025 Page 13 of 17

gravity of the defendant’s conduct. From the public’s standpoint, the sentence
should be of a type and length that will adequately reflect, among other things, the
harm done or threatened by the offense, and the public interest in preventing a
recurrence of the offense.
Id. (quoting S.Rep. No. 98-225, at 75-76, 1984 U.S.C.C.A.N. 3258-59).
Put differently, punishment is the way in which society expresses denunciation of
wrongdoing, and it is thus essential that this Court promote and maintain respect for the law by
pronouncing sentences that fully reflect society’s revulsion toward the sexual abuse of children.
See Gregg v. Georgia, 428 U.S. 153, 184 n.30 (1976) (citing Royal Commission on Capital
Punishment, Minutes of Evidence, Dec. 1, 1949, p. 207 (1950)). In this sense, retribution is a
particularly valid penological goal in a case like this one, where the defendant’s crimes caused
unfathomable harm to our society’s most vulnerable victims.
This Court must also consider the need to “promote respect for the law” at sentencing. 18
U.S.C. § 3353(a)(2)(A). Congress enacted federal criminal laws targeting child-pornography
offenses to address the ongoing sexual abuse and victimization of children. S. Rep. 95-438, 5, 1978
U.S.C.C.A.N. 40, 42-43, 56. But this legislation and its later amendments are more than
prophylactic measures. They reflect value judgments and the accepted moral norms of our society.
As one Senate Judiciary Committee report concluded: “the use of children…as the subjects of
pornographic materials is very harmful to both the children and the society as a whole,” describing
the conduct as “outrageous.” S. Rep. 95-438, 5, 1978 U.S.C.C.A.N. at 43.
Against this backdrop, the defendant did not just violate federal law, he also transgressed
universally recognized moral principles—specifically, the need to protect and nurture children and
not to be titillated by depictions of their rape and abuse. Through his own conduct and the conduct
that he facilitated through his moderation and support of Website A, the defendant exploited
thousands upon thousands of children and helped to revictimize them through the continued
13

Case 9:24-cr-80053-AMC Document 98 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/11/2025 Page 14 of 17

trafficking in material depicting their abuse. This Court should craft a sentence that appropriately
expresses social condemnation of the defendant’s crimes, captures the serious harm he has caused,
and promotes respect for the rule of law. The government’s recommended sentence of 292 months
of imprisonment does all three.
D. The Need for the Sentence Imposed to Afford Adequate Deterrence and Protect
the Public
Both specific and general deterrence call for a significant sentence consistent with the
Guidelines recommendation here. With respect to specific deterrence, the risk the defendant poses
to children is immense. His crimes are easily explained by way of analogy: “How many people
who collect baseball cards have also played the game (or would play, if given the opportunity)? In
other words, do the things we collect reflect our fantasies and interests? An answer in the
affirmative seems obvious.” Handbook of Behavioral Criminology, p. 332, edited by Dr. Vincent
B. Van Hasselt and Dr. Michael L. Bourke, Springer Intl. Publishing (2017).
Here, the defendant collected cards in the form of sexually explicit images and videos of
children. But when viewing this material, he was not simply fantasizing about expanding the list
of images and videos he had viewed. Common sense instructs that he was viewing this material
because he very much desired the opportunity to engage in the abusive sexual conduct he observed.
And as the Supreme Court has noted, there are “grave concerns over the high rate of recidivism
among convicted sex offenders and their dangerousness as a class.” Smith v. Doe, 538 U.S. 84,
103 (2003). The defendant now fits squarely within that class. The sentence imposed must
therefore protect the public and account for the specific danger he poses to minors.
More generally, “the deterrence objective of sentencing is ‘particularly compelling in the
child pornography context.’” Irey, 612 F.3d at 1211 (citation omitted). “[I]mposing a lighter
sentence on one convicted of a child pornography offense ‘tends to undermine the purpose of
14

Case 9:24-cr-80053-AMC Document 98 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/11/2025 Page 15 of 17

general deterrence, and in turn, tends to increase (in some palpable if unmeasurable way) the child
pornography market.’” Id. (citation omitted). As the Eleventh Circuit noted in a similar case,
“[y]oung children were raped in order to enable the production of the pornography that the
defendant both downloaded and uploaded—both consumed himself and disseminated to others.”
United States v. Pugh, 515 F.3d 1179, 1194 (11th Cir. 2008) (quoting United States v. Goldberg,
491 F.3d 668, 672 (7th Cir. 2007)). The same is true here. And given that “sentences influence
behavior,” it follows that “the lighter the punishment for downloading and uploading child
pornography, the greater the customer demand for it and so the more will be produced.” Id. For
this reason, “general deterrence is crucial in the child pornography context.” United States v.
Bistline, 665 F.3d 758, 767 (6th Cir. 2012) (quoting United States v. Camiscone, 591 F.3d 823,
834 (6th Cir. 2010)) (punctuation altered). In recognition of the importance of deterring both the
defendant and others from engaging in this sort of criminal conduct in the future, the United States
submits that a sentence of 292 months is appropriate.
E. The Need to Avoid Unwarranted Sentencing Disparities and the Kinds of Sentences
Available
The United States’ 292-month recommendation is also consistent with the sentences this
Court has already handed down to the defendant’s co-conspirators. To date, the Court has
sentenced eight defendants for their involvement in the leadership of Website A:
Matthew Branden Garrell

Sentenced to 250 months in prison.

Robert Preston Boyles

Sentenced to 280 months in prison.

Joseph Robert Stewart

Sentenced to 285 months in prison.

Gregory Malcolm Good

Sentenced to 310 months in prison.

Selwyn David Rosenstein

Sentenced to 336 months (28 years) in prison.

Joseph Addison Martin

Sentenced to 504 months (42 years) in prison.
15

Case 9:24-cr-80053-AMC Document 98 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/11/2025 Page 16 of 17

Keith David McIntosh

Sentenced to 660 months (55 years) in prison.

William Michael Spearman Sentenced to life in prison.
The defendant and his eight co-conspirators all held positions of leadership on Website A,
and some held similar positions on other child-pornography sites on the dark web. In addition to
advertising and distributing child pornography online, these offenders used their positions of
leadership on Website A and elsewhere to promulgate rules for these websites, enforce those rules
by banning or scolding users who violated them, hold staff meetings, recruit members to serve as
staff members, recommend users for promotion, edit and delete user posts, praise individuals for
participating in and contributing to Website A’s criminal enterprise, keep records of childpornography posts made by individual members, pay for and maintain the website servers, and
engage in other criminal matters.
Of the above co-conspirators, this defendant’s role on the site was most analogous to the
roles that Garrell and Boyles played. Though not founding members of the site and not necessarily
among the upper-most echelon of leaders on the site, all three were nevertheless promoted to
moderators based on their active contributions to Website A and therefore exercised a degree of
authority and control over the site’s rank-and-file users. And unlike Garrell and Boyles, the
defendant here continues to minimize and down-play his involvement on the site. Indeed, despite
admitting to the FBI that he was a moderator and that he advertised images on the site depicting a
prepubescent child being anally and vaginally penetrated, the defendant now maintains that he
played no moderating role on Website A and did not share any sadomasochistic material on the
site. [ECF No. 94]. The defendant’s refusal to grapple with the role he played on Website A raises
concerns about whether he appreciates the severity of his conduct and will take the steps needed
to ensure that he does not reoffend upon his release from prison. Accordingly, a 292-month
16

Case 9:24-cr-80053-AMC Document 98 Entered on FLSD Docket 07/11/2025 Page 17 of 17

sentence, which falls at the low end of his Guidelines sentencing range, is warranted here.
CONCLUSION
For the foregoing reasons, the United States respectfully requests that the Court sentence
the defendant to 292 months in prison, followed by a lifetime of supervised release.

Respectfully submitted,
Steven J. Grocki
Chief
Child Exploitation and Obscenity Section
By: s/William G. Clayman
William G. Clayman
Kyle P. Reynolds
Trial Attorneys
U.S. Dept. of Justice, Criminal Division
Court ID # A5502958
1301 New York Avenue, NW
Washington, DC 20005
Phone: (202) 514-0040
Email: william.clayman@usdoj.gov
CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE
I HEREBY CERTIFY that on July 11, 2025, I electronically filed the foregoing document
with the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document is being
served this day on all counsel of record on the attached Service List in the manner specified.
s/William G. Clayman
William G. Clayman
Trial Attorney
U.S. Department of Justice, Criminal Division

17

