Case 9:24-cr-80053-AMC Document 48 Entered on FLSD Docket 08/15/2024 Page 1 of 5

UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA
CASE NO. 23-80053-1-CR-CANNON
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
vs.
KEITH DUANE MCINTOSH,
Defendant.

- - - - - - - -- - - -- - - -I
FACTUAL PROFFER

The United States of America and Keith Duane McIntosh ("Defendant" or "MCINTOSH")
agree that if this case had gone to trial, the United States would have proven the following facts
beyond a reasonable doubt:
1.

At all relevant times, "Website A" was a website dedicated to the advertisement

and distribution of child pornography, as defined in 18 U.S.C. § 2256(8)(A), and the discussion of
child sexual abuse. Users of Website A could engage in online communications with other users.
Users trafficked in child pornography via Website A by posting web links within messages.
These links redirected to other websites, such as file-hosting websites, where the linked-to child
pornography images and videos were available for download and/or viewing. Under the rules of
Website A, the links were required to contain descriptive text that provided information about the
sexual acts and age and gender of the child victim depicted in the linked-to child pornography
files. During the timeframe relevant to this matter, Website A users made tens or hundreds of
thousands of child pornography images and videos available in this manner. At all relevant times,
Website A was managed by particular users referred to as "staff' and it had at least 100 registered
members. Website A stopped functioning in its original form in approximately November 2022.

Case 9:24-cr-80053-AMC Document 48 Entered on FLSD Docket 08/15/2024 Page 2 of 5

2.

MCINTOSH had been a registered member of Website A since early 2018. For

years, he was the approximately fourth highest-ranking administrator of Website A. He, along with
approximately five other high-ranking administrators of the website, had access to an exclusive
room on Website A where he and the others voted on decisions regarding the operation of the
website, such as who should be kicked out and who should get promoted. In one particular
instance, he advised other website administrators that a user needed to post "pthc" content on
Website A in order to receive a promotion. "pthc" stands for "pre-teen hard core" and generally
refers to depictions of prepubescent children being sexually penetrated. Following this
conversation, the other user posted such content on Website A. Additionally, in his role as a highranking administrator, he had the power to recommend promotion of users to the head
administrator of the website and was one of five individuals who had the power to vote on user
promotions, he monitored Website A' s email accounts for donations from other users and
forwarded these donations to the head administrator of the website, he developed Website A' s
"Frequently Asked Questions" section, and he backed up data from different rooms on Website A
onto his local storage drives.
3.

As of June 28, 2022, MCINTOSH had posted several thousand messages on

Website A. On one occasion, he advised users of Website A in a private room that another member
had contacted law enforcement and wrote that "[t]his should also serve as a reminder to always
treat everybody as though they could be [a law enforcement agent] or could be providing
information to [a law enforcement agent]. Never share personal information with anybody!! " In
another post, he advised staff members of Website A of the following: "We are creating [a Website
A] FAQ. Please mail me any questions (and, hopefully , the associated answers !) you feel should

be included. Thanks! "

2

Case 9:24-cr-80053-AMC Document 48 Entered on FLSD Docket 08/15/2024 Page 3 of 5

4.

Until approximately July 2022, and during the time when MCINTOSH engaged in

the conduct on Website A described above, another high-ranking administrator of Website A
resided in Palm Beach County, Florida, within the Southern District of Florida, where he
advertised and distributed child pornography and took acts to help manage Website A from his
home.
5.

Additionally, after Website A ceased operating in approximately November 2022,

MCINTOSH moved to a different website on the dark web dedicated to the advertisement and
distribution of child pornography and the discussion of child sexual abuse, where he continued to
actively participate and post comments. Following his arrest, MCINTOSH told law enforcement
that he occasionally posted child pornography on Website A but did not do so frequently because
he did not have to due to his high-ranking status on the website.
6.

Further, beginning on an unknown date and continuing until the date of his arrest

on or about March 28, 2024, MCINTOSH possessed multiple electronic devices in his residence
in the Western District of Michigan that he used to engage in the above and related conduct and
that contained child pornography, links to websites on the dark web dedicated to the advertisement
and distribution of child pornography and the discussion of child sexual abuse, and/or documents
describing the sexual abuse of children. These devices contained evidence that MCINTOSH used
encryption and similar programs in an attempt to conceal this activity. MCINTOSH agrees that
the following devices are subject to forfeiture:
a. Three SanDisk flash drives; and
b. A Seagate 2 TB external hard drive.
7.

MCINTOSH has a prior conviction for receipt of child pornography, in violation

of Chapter 110 of Title 18, United States Code, Section 2252(a)(2), in the United States District

3

Case 9:24-cr-80053-AMC Document 48 Entered on FLSD Docket 08/15/2024 Page 4 of 5

Court for the District of New Jersey, case number 94-cr-652.
8.

Based on these facts and other information known to the parties, MCINTOSH

agrees that, had this case gone to trial, the government would have proven beyond a reasonable
doubt, as to Count 1 of the Superseding Indictment, that MCINTOSH conspired to advertise child
pornography in violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 2251(d) and (e), beginning in at
least March 2018 and continuing through on or about November 14, 2022, such that:
a. two or more persons in some way agreed to try to accomplish a shared and unlawful
plan;
b. the Defendant knew the unlawful purpose of the plan and willfully joined in it.
And that the unlawful purpose of the plan was to commit the offense of advertising child
pornography in violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 2251(d) and (e), such that:
a. the Defendant knowingly made, printed, or published, or caused to be made,
printed, and published, a notice or advertisement seeking or offering;
b. to produce, display, distribute, or reproduce any visual depiction involving the use
of a minor engaged in sexually explicit conduct, and the visual depiction is of such
conduct; and
c. the Defendant knows or has reason to know that the notice or advertisement would
be transported using any means or facility of interstate or foreign commerce or in
or affecting interstate or foreign commerce by any means, including by computer
or mailed; or
d. such notice or advertisement was transported using any means or facility of
interstate or foreign commerce or in or affecting interstate or foreign commerce by
any means, including by computer or mailed.
9.

Based on these facts and other information known to the parties, MCINTOSH also

agrees that, had this case gone to trial, the government would have proven beyond a reasonable
doubt, as to Count 2 of the Superseding Indictment, that MCINTOSH conspired to distribute child
pornography in violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 2252A( a)(2) and (b )(1 ),
beginning in at least March 2018 and continuing through on or about November 14, 2022, such

4

Case 9:24-cr-80053-AMC Document 48 Entered on FLSD Docket 08/15/2024 Page 5 of 5

that:
a. two or more persons in some way agreed to try to accomplish a shared and unlawful
plan;
b. the Defendant knew the unlawful purpose of the plan and willfully joined in it.
And that the unlawful purpose of the plan was to commit the offense of distributing child
pornography in violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 2252A( a)(2) and (b )(1 ), such
that:
a. the Defendant knowingly distributed an item or items of child pornography;
b. the item or items of child pornography had been distributed using any means or
facility of interstate or foreign commerce or had been mailed, or shipped or
transported in or affecting interstate or foreign commerce by any means, including
by computer; and
c. when the Defendant distributed the items, the Defendant believed the items were
or contained child pornography.
MARKENZY LAPOINTE
UNITED STATES ATTORNEY

Date:

By:

Date:

By:
WILLIAM CLAYMAN
TRIAL ATTORNEYS, U.S. DEP 'T OF JUSTICE

Date:

Date

'6/4~2Jf"

~/w.t

By:

~-a.~

RICHARD A. SERAFINI
ATTORNEY FOR DEFENDANT
By: t#!t~IJ4ll 71/t J'/;,/
KEITH DUANE MCINTOSH
DEFENDANT
5

,
/

