Case 9:24-cr-80053-AMC Document 88 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/27/2025 Page 1 of 6

UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA
CASE NO. 24-80053-CR-CANNON
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
vs.
THOMAS PETER KA TSAMPES,
Defendant.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -I
FACTUAL PROFFER

The United States of America and Thomas Peter KA TSAMPES ("Defendant" or
"KATSAMPES") agree that if this case had gone to trial, the United States would have proven the
following facts beyond a reasonable doubt:
1.

At all relevant times, "Website A" was a website dedicated to child pornography,

as defined in 18 U.S.C. § 2256(8)(A), and the discussion of child sexual abuse. Users of Website
A could engage in online communications with other users. Users trafficked in child pornography
via Website A by posting web links within messages. These links redirected to other websites,
such as file-hosting websites, where the linked-to child pornography images and videos were
available for download and/or viewing. Under the rules of Website A, the links were required to
contain descriptive text that provided information about the sexual acts and age and gender of the
child victim depicted in the linked-to child pornography files. During the timeframe relevant to
this matter, Website A users made tens or hundreds of thousands of child pornography images and
videos available in this manner. At all relevant times, Website A had at least 100 registered
members and was operated and managed by a smaller subset of particularly active or established
users referred to as "staff' and "moderators."

Guest users of Website A were promoted to

Case 9:24-cr-80053-AMC Document 88 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/27/2025 Page 2 of 6

membership or moderating positions based on their active involvement on the site, and in particular
by sharing child pornography with other users on the site. Website A ceased operating in its
current form in approximately November 2022.
2.

Starting in at least 2018 until approximately July 2022, a high-ranking

administrator of Website A resided in Palm Beach County, Florida, within the Southern District
of Florida, where he advertised and distributed child pornography and took acts to help manage
Website A from his home.
3.
2022.

KATSAMPES first registered an account on Website A in approximately February

Through his active participation on Website A, KATSAMPES earned an elevated

membership status in approximately November 2022.
4.

On numerous occasions, KATSAMPES shared child pornography over Website A.

These incidents include the following:
a.

On or about June 3, 2022, KATSAMPES emailed another Website A user

with the subject line "us?" using Website A's email function. The email contained a link, which
redirected to another webpage containing 25 images of prepubescent girls laying on a bed. One
of the girls is estimated to be between eight and 10 years of age while the other is estimated to be
between five and seven. The girls are fully nude or partially nude in every image. Two of the
images are close ups of the older girl ' s exposed vagina. In multiple images, the girls are digitally
manipulating each other's vaginas and in two, the younger girl is spreading the older girl's labia
in what appears to be an effort to further expose the older girl's vagina for the camera.
b.

On or about September 27, 2022, KATSAMPES posted a link in a

"Members Only" room with more than 10 users tagged "[hebe] ," "[girl]," and "[fingering] ," and
the comment "girl gets her pretty slit toyed." "Hebe" is short for "hebephile" or "hebephilia,"

Case 9:24-cr-80053-AMC Document 88 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/27/2025 Page 3 of 6

which in turn refers to a sexual interest in early pubescent minors or a person who has such a sexual
interest.

An undercover FBI agent accessed this link, which redirected to another website

containing a contact sheet. A "contact" sheet is a collage of screenshots taken from a video, and
which serves a preview for what that video depicts.

The contact sheet available at the link

included eight images depicting a fully nude, prepubescent girl, estimated to be between the ages
of eight and 10. An adult man is inserting phallic objects into the girl ' s anus and/or vagina in
seven of the screen captures. In the eighth image, the adult male is digitally manipulating the
girl's vagina and the image has words stating "masked Girl Rides Again Part 2" superimposed
over the image.
c.

On or about October 13, 2022, the SUBJECT USER posted a link in a

"Members Only" room with more than 10 users tagged "[tween] ," "[girl] ," and "[bj] ," and the
comment "he has a cute lil playmate :-P." An undercover FBI agent accessed this link, which
redirected to a contact sheet containing 16 images depicting a prepubescent girl estimated to be
between the ages of seven and nine. In multiple images, the girl performs oral sex on an adult
man' s penis. In one of the images, the girl 's legs are spread wide apaii and her vagina is
prominently exposed for the camera. The girl has no noticeable pubic hair and young bodily and
facial features.
5.

Further, beginning on an unknown date and continuing until the date of his arrest

on or about June 6, 2024, KA TSAMPES possessed four electronic devices in his residence in the
District of Minnesota that were used to engage in the above and related conduct and that contained
thumbnail images depicting child sexual abuse, including the following:

Case 9:24-cr-80053-AMC Document 88 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/27/2025 Page 4 of 6

a.

An image depicting a young girl who appears to be approximately 7 to 10

years old. In the image, the girl is entirely naked and is spreading her legs to expose her naked
genitals to the camera. She is also holding a marker near her genitals.
b.

An image depicting a young girl who appears to be approximately 3 to 5

years old. The girl appears to be naked and her hands are on an adult man' s naked, erect penis.
The girl's mouth is very close to the man' s penis.
c.

An image depicting a young girl who appears to be approximately 4 to 7

years old. In the image, the girl is entirely naked with her legs spread to expose her naked genitals
to the camera. She appears to be manually manipulating her genitals.
6.

A "thumbnail" image is a small version of an image that is automatically created

by the computer operating system from a larger version of that image that was present at some
point in time on the device.
7.

The devices KA TSAMPES used for the purposes set forth above include the

following:
a.

One Lenovo laptop, SIN PW02GHZ9, containing a Western Digital 256 GB

NVMe SSD, SIN: 221151803495;

8.

b.

One 64 GB USB thumb drive;

c.

Two Micro Center 126 GB USB thumb drives.

Based on these facts and other information known to the parties, KATSAMPES

agrees that, had this case gone to trial, the government would have proven beyond a reasonable
doubt, as to Count 1 of the Superseding Indictment, that KA TSAMPES conspired to advertise
child pornography in violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 225 l(d) and (e), beginning
in at least February 2022 and continuing through on or about November 14, 2022, such that:

Case 9:24-cr-80053-AMC Document 88 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/27/2025 Page 5 of 6

a. two or more persons in some way agreed to try to accomplish a shared and unlawful
plan;
b. the Defendant knew the unlawful purpose of the plan and willfully joined in it.
And that the unlawful purpose of the plan was to commit the offense of advertising child
pornography in violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 225l(d) and (e), such that:
a. the Defendant knowingly made, printed, or published, or caused to be made,
printed, and published, a notice or advertisement seeking or offering;
b. to produce, display, distribute, or reproduce any visual depiction involving the use
of a minor engaged in sexually explicit conduct, and the visual depiction is of such
conduct; and
c. the Defendant knows or has reason to know that the notice or advertisement would
be transported using any means or facility of interstate or foreign commerce or in
or affecting interstate or foreign commerce by any means, including by computer
or mailed; or
d. such notice or advertisement was transported using any means or facility of
interstate or foreign commerce or in or affecting interstate or foreign commerce by
any means, including by computer or mailed.
9.

Based on these facts and other information known to the parties, KA TSAMPES

also agrees that, had this case gone to trial, the government would have proven beyond a reasonable
doubt, as to Count 2 of the Superseding Indictment, that KA TSAMPES conspired to distribute
child pornography in violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 2252A(a)(2) and (b)(l),
beginning in at least February 2022 and continuing through on or about November 14, 2022, such
that:
a. two or more persons in some way agreed to try to accomplish a shared and unlawful
plan;
b. the Defendant knew the unlawful purpose of the plan and willfully joined in it.
And that the unlawful purpose of the plan was to commit the offense of distributing child
pornography in violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 2252A(a)(2) and (b)(l), such
that:

Case 9:24-cr-80053-AMC Document 88 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/27/2025 Page 6 of 6

a. the Defendant knowingly distributed an item or items of child pornography;
b. the item or items of child pornography had been distributed using any means or
facility of interstate or foreign commerce or had been mailed, or shipped or
transported in or affecting interstate or foreign commerce by any means, including
by computer; and
c. when the Defendant distributed the items, the Defendant believed the items were
or contained child pornography.
HAYDENP. O'BYRNE
UNITED STATES ATTORN

By:

Date:

LER
ITED STATES ATTORNEY

Date:

i4-/&c

By:

~~~

: : L I ~ . CLAYMAN
TRIAL ATTORNEYS, U.S. DEP 'T OF JUSTICE

Date:

Date:

11[~<

By:

I

1-127 /2> By:

KIM~
JO
ATT

EDO
CK MUSCA
EY ORD ENDANT

