 
 
 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
EASTERN DISTRICT OF WISCONSIN 
 
 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, 
 
 
 
 
 
Plaintiff, 
 
 
v. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Case No. 25-CR-69 
 
BRADLEY D. HOUNSELL, 
 
 
 
 
 
Defendant. 
 
 
 
PLEA AGREEMENT 
 
 
1. 
The United States of America, by its attorneys, Brad D. Schimel, United States 
Attorney for the Eastern District of Wisconsin, Daniel R. Humble, Assistant United States 
Attorney, William G. Clayman, Trial Attorney for the United States Department of Justice, and 
the defendant, Bradley D. Hounsell, individually and by attorney Steven G. Richards, pursuant to 
Rule 11 of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure, enter into the following plea agreement: 
CHARGES 
2. 
The defendant has been charged in an information, which alleges a violation of 
Title 18, United States Code, Section 2422(b). 
3. 
The defendant has read and fully understands the charge contained in the 
information. He fully understands the nature and elements of the crime with which he has been 
charged, and the charge and the terms and conditions of the plea agreement have been fully 
explained to him by his attorney.  
4. 
The defendant voluntarily agrees to waive prosecution by indictment in open 
court. 
Case 1:25-cr-00069-WCG     Filed 01/27/26     Page 1 of 14     Document 25
 
 
2 
 
5. 
The defendant voluntarily agrees to plead guilty to the information set forth in full 
as follows: 
THE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY CHARGES THAT: 
 
Between approximately November 4, 2023, and November 8, 2023, in the State and 
Eastern District of Wisconsin and elsewhere, 
BRADLEY D. HOUNSELL 
 
did knowingly use a facility and means of interstate and foreign commerce to persuade, induce, 
and entice an individual who had not attained the age of 18 years, Minor 1, to engage in sexual 
activity for which a person can be criminally charged with a criminal offense, namely, Sexual 
Exploitation of a Child, which is a criminal offense under Wisconsin Statutes Section 948.05.  
 
In violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 2422(b).   
6. 
The defendant acknowledges, understands, and agrees that he is, in fact, guilty of 
the offense described in paragraph 5. The parties acknowledge and understand that if this case 
were to proceed to trial, the government would be able to prove the following facts beyond a 
reasonable doubt. The defendant admits that these facts are true and correct and establish his 
guilt beyond a reasonable doubt:  
The defendant, Bradley D. Hounsell, knowingly used an online social media application 
from within the Eastern District of Wisconsin to communicate with an individual in the Republic 
of the Philippines for the purpose of producing and receiving material depicting the sexual abuse 
of minor children. Specifically, between November 4, 2023, and November 8, 2023, the 
defendant requested that his contact in the Philippines produce and send him a video of the 
individual touching and digitally penetrating the vagina of an approximately 13-year-old child 
(hereinafter, “Minor 1”). In order to persuade, induce, and entice Minor 1 to agree to engage in 
this conduct, the defendant asked the individual questions about Minor 1’s sexual experience and 
Case 1:25-cr-00069-WCG     Filed 01/27/26     Page 2 of 14     Document 25
 
 
3 
 
preferences, asked the individual to have Minor 1 pose in sexually explicit positions, and offered 
to send money to the individual and Minor 1.  The defendant then sent money to this individual 
using an online money transfer service in exchange for the requested video. After receiving the 
money, the individual advised that she was making the video and then sent the defendant a video 
that depicts his contact in the Philippines touching and digitally penetrating the vagina of Minor 
1.  That video was recovered both from the individual’s social media account and on the 
defendant’s phone in the Eastern District of Wisconsin. 
Additional conversations between the defendant and his contact in the Philippines 
contained requests for sexualized images and videos of minors with the offer of payment by the 
defendant. 
The videos requested and received by the defendant constitute unlawful sexual activity 
and would constitute a violation of Wisconsin Statute Section 948.05, Sexual Exploitation of a 
Child. 
This information is provided for the purpose of setting forth a factual basis for the plea of 
guilty. It is not a full recitation of the defendant’s knowledge of, or participation in, this offense.   
PENALTIES 
7. 
The parties understand and agree that the offense to which the defendant will 
enter a plea of guilty carries the following maximum term of imprisonment and fine: a lifetime of 
imprisonment and $250,000. The count also carries a mandatory minimum of 10 years of 
imprisonment. The count also carries a mandatory special assessment of $100, at least 5 years of 
supervised release, and a maximum of a lifetime on supervised release. The parties further 
recognize that a restitution order may be entered by the court.  
8. 
The defendant acknowledges, understands, and agrees that he has discussed the 
relevant statutes as well as the applicable sentencing guidelines with his attorney. 
Case 1:25-cr-00069-WCG     Filed 01/27/26     Page 3 of 14     Document 25
 
 
4 
 
DISMISSAL OF INDICTMENT 
9. 
The government agrees to dismiss the original indictment at the time of 
sentencing.  
ELEMENTS 
10. 
The parties understand and agree that in order to sustain the charge of enticement 
and coercion of a minor as set forth in the information, the government must prove each of the 
following propositions beyond a reasonable doubt: 
First, the defendant used a facility or means of interstate commerce to knowingly 
persuade, induce, entice and coerce Minor 1 to engage in unlawful sexual activity; and 
Second, Minor 1 was less than 18 years of age; and 
Third, the defendant believed Minor 1 was less than 18 years of age; and 
Fourth, the unlawful sexual activity constituted Sexual Exploitation of a Child in 
violation of Wisconsin Statutes Section 948.05. 
SENTENCING PROVISIONS 
11. 
The parties agree to waive the time limits in Fed. R. Crim. P. 32 relating to the 
presentence report, including that the presentence report be disclosed not less than 35 days 
before the sentencing hearing, in favor of a schedule for disclosure, and the filing of any 
objections, to be established by the court at the change of plea hearing. 
12. 
The parties acknowledge, understand, and agree that any sentence imposed by the 
court will be pursuant to the Sentencing Reform Act, and that the court will give due regard to 
the Sentencing Guidelines when sentencing the defendant.  
13. 
The defendant acknowledges and agrees that his attorney has discussed the 
applicable sentencing guidelines provisions with him to the defendant’s satisfaction. 
Case 1:25-cr-00069-WCG     Filed 01/27/26     Page 4 of 14     Document 25
 
 
5 
 
14. 
The parties acknowledge and understand that prior to sentencing the United States 
Probation Office will conduct its own investigation of the defendant’s criminal history. The 
parties further acknowledge and understand that, at the time the defendant enters a guilty plea, 
the parties may not have full and complete information regarding the defendant’s criminal 
history. The parties acknowledge, understand, and agree that the defendant may not move to 
withdraw the guilty plea solely as a result of the sentencing court’s determination of the 
defendant’s criminal history.  
Sentencing Guidelines Calculations 
15. 
The defendant acknowledges and understands that the sentencing guidelines 
recommendations contained in this agreement do not create any right to be sentenced within any 
particular sentence range, and that the court may impose a reasonable sentence above or below 
the guideline range. The parties further understand and agree that if the defendant has provided 
false, incomplete, or inaccurate information that affects the calculations, the government is not 
bound to make the recommendations contained in this agreement. 
Relevant Conduct 
16. 
The parties acknowledge, understand, and agree that pursuant to Sentencing 
Guidelines Manual § 1B1.3, the sentencing judge may consider relevant conduct in calculating 
the sentencing guidelines range, even if the relevant conduct is not the subject of the offense to 
which the defendant is pleading guilty. 
Base Offense Level 
17. 
The parties acknowledge and understand that the government will recommend to 
the sentencing court that the cross-reference to Sentencing Guidelines Manual § 2G2.1, which is 
located at Sentencing Guidelines Manual § 2G1.3(c)(1), applies because the offense involved 
causing transporting, permitting, or offering or seeking by notice or advertisement, a minor to 
Case 1:25-cr-00069-WCG     Filed 01/27/26     Page 5 of 14     Document 25
 
 
6 
 
engage in sexually explicit conduct for the purpose of producing a visual depiction of such 
conduct, and that the applicable base offense level for the offense charged is therefore 32 under 
Sentencing Guidelines Manual § 2G2.1(a) 
Specific Offense Characteristics 
18. 
The parties acknowledge and understand that the government will recommend to 
the sentencing court that a 2-level increase for an offense involving a minor who has attained the 
age of twelve years but not attained the age of sixteen years under Sentencing Guidelines Manual 
§ 2G2.1(b)(1) is applicable to the offense level for the offense charged.   
19. 
The parties acknowledge and understand that the government will recommend to 
the sentencing court that a 2-level increase for an offense involving the commission of a sexual 
act or sexual contact under Sentencing Guidelines Manual § 2G2.1(b)(2)(A) is applicable to the 
offense level for the offense charged.   
20. 
The parties acknowledge and understand that the government will recommend to 
the sentencing court that a 4-level increase for material that portrays sadistic or masochistic 
conduct or other depictions of violence under Sentencing Guidelines Manual § 2G2.1(b)(4)(A) is 
applicable to the offense level for the offense charged.   
21. 
The parties acknowledge and understand that the government will recommend to 
the sentencing court that a 2-level increase for use of a computer under Sentencing Guidelines 
Manual § 2G2.1(b)(6) is applicable to the offense level for the offense charged.   
Acceptance of Responsibility 
22. 
The government agrees to recommend a two-level decrease for acceptance of 
responsibility as authorized by Sentencing Guidelines Manual § 3E1.1(a), and to make a motion 
recommending an additional one-level decrease as authorized by Sentencing Guidelines Manual 
§ 3E1.1(b), but only if the defendant exhibits conduct consistent with those provisions. 
Case 1:25-cr-00069-WCG     Filed 01/27/26     Page 6 of 14     Document 25
 
 
7 
 
Sentencing Recommendations 
23. 
Both parties reserve the right to provide the district court and the probation office 
with any and all information which might be pertinent to the sentencing process, including but 
not limited to any and all conduct related to the offense as well as any and all matters which 
might constitute aggravating or mitigating sentencing factors. 
24. 
Both parties reserve the right to make any recommendation regarding any other 
matters not specifically addressed by this agreement. 
 
25. 
The parties are free to argue for any sentence, subject to the applicable mandatory 
minimum. 
Court’s Determinations at Sentencing 
26. 
The parties acknowledge, understand, and agree that neither the sentencing court 
nor the United States Probation Office is a party to or bound by this agreement. The United 
States Probation Office will make its own recommendations to the sentencing court. The 
sentencing court will make its own determinations regarding any and all issues relating to the 
imposition of sentence and may impose any sentence authorized by law up to the maximum 
penalties set forth in paragraph 7 above. The parties further understand that the sentencing court 
will be guided by the sentencing guidelines but will not be bound by the sentencing guidelines 
and may impose a reasonable sentence above or below the calculated guideline range.  
27. 
The parties acknowledge, understand, and agree that the defendant may not move 
to withdraw the guilty plea solely as a result of the sentence imposed by the court.  
FINANCIAL MATTERS 
28. 
The defendant acknowledges and understands that any and all financial 
obligations imposed by the sentencing court are due and payable in full upon entry of the 
judgment of conviction.  The defendant further understands that any payment schedule imposed 
Case 1:25-cr-00069-WCG     Filed 01/27/26     Page 7 of 14     Document 25
 
 
8 
 
by the sentencing court shall be the minimum the defendant is expected to pay and that the 
government’s collection of any and all court imposed financial obligations is not limited to the 
payment schedule.  The defendant agrees not to request any delay or stay in payment of any and 
all financial obligations.  If the defendant is incarcerated, the defendant agrees to participate in 
the Bureau of Prisons’ Inmate Financial Responsibility Program, regardless of whether the court 
specifically directs participation or imposes a schedule of payments.  
29. 
 The defendant agrees to provide to the Financial Litigation Program (FLP) of the 
United States Attorney’s Office, upon request of the FLP during any period of probation or 
supervised release imposed by the court, a complete and sworn financial statement on a form 
provided by FLP and any documentation required by the form.  
Special Assessments 
30. 
The defendant agrees to pay the special assessment in the amount of $100 prior to 
or at the time of sentencing. 
Restitution 
31. 
The defendant agrees to pay restitution as ordered by the court. The defendant 
understands that because restitution for the offense is mandatory, the amount of restitution shall 
be imposed by the court regardless of the defendant’s financial resources. The defendant agrees 
to cooperate in efforts to collect the restitution obligation. The defendant understands that 
imposition or payment of restitution will not restrict or preclude the filing of any civil suit or 
administrative action.   
Forfeiture 
32. 
The defendant agrees that all properties listed in the information and/or bill of 
particulars were used to facilitate such offense. The defendant agrees to the forfeiture of these 
properties and to the immediate entry of a preliminary order of forfeiture. The defendant agrees 
Case 1:25-cr-00069-WCG     Filed 01/27/26     Page 8 of 14     Document 25
 
 
9 
 
that he has an interest in each of the listed properties. The parties acknowledge and understand 
that the government reserves the right to proceed against assets not identified in this agreement.  
DEFENDANT’S WAIVER OF RIGHTS 
33. 
In entering this agreement, the defendant acknowledges and understands that he 
surrenders any claims he may have raised in any pretrial motion, as well as certain rights which 
include the following: 
a. 
If the defendant persisted in a plea of not guilty to the charges against him, he 
would be entitled to a speedy and public trial by a court or jury. The defendant 
has a right to a jury trial. However, in order that the trial be conducted by the 
judge sitting without a jury, the defendant, the government and the judge all 
must agree that the trial be conducted by the judge without a jury. 
 
b. 
If the trial is a jury trial, the jury would be composed of twelve citizens 
selected at random. The defendant and his attorney would have a say in who 
the jurors would be by removing prospective jurors for cause where actual 
bias or other disqualification is shown, or without cause by exercising 
peremptory challenges. The jury would have to agree unanimously before it 
could return a verdict of guilty. The court would instruct the jury that the 
defendant is presumed innocent until such time, if ever, as the government 
establishes guilt by competent evidence to the satisfaction of the jury beyond a 
reasonable doubt. 
 
c. 
If the trial is held by the judge without a jury, the judge would find the facts 
and determine, after hearing all of the evidence, whether or not he was 
persuaded of defendant’s guilt beyond a reasonable doubt. 
 
d. 
At such trial, whether by a judge or a jury, the government would be required 
to present witnesses and other evidence against the defendant. The defendant 
would be able to confront witnesses upon whose testimony the government is 
relying to obtain a conviction and he would have the right to cross-examine 
those witnesses. In turn the defendant could, but is not obligated to, present 
witnesses and other evidence on his own behalf. The defendant would be 
entitled to compulsory process to call witnesses. 
 
e. 
At such trial, defendant would have a privilege against self-incrimination so 
that he could decline to testify and no inference of guilt could be drawn from 
his refusal to testify. If defendant desired to do so, he could testify on his own 
behalf. 
 
Case 1:25-cr-00069-WCG     Filed 01/27/26     Page 9 of 14     Document 25
 
 
10 
 
34. 
The defendant acknowledges and understands that by pleading guilty he is 
waiving all the rights set forth above. The defendant further acknowledges the fact that his 
attorney has explained these rights to him and the consequences of his waiver of these rights. 
The defendant further acknowledges that as a part of the guilty plea hearing, the court may 
question the defendant under oath, on the record, and in the presence of counsel about the 
offense to which the defendant intends to plead guilty. The defendant further understands that the 
defendant’s answers may later be used against the defendant in a prosecution for perjury or false 
statement.  
35. 
The defendant acknowledges and understands that he will be adjudicated guilty of 
the offense to which he will plead guilty and thereby may be deprived of certain rights, including 
but not limited to the right to vote, to hold public office, to serve on a jury, to possess firearms, 
and to be employed by a federally insured financial institution. 
36. 
The defendant knowingly and voluntarily waives all claims he may have based 
upon the statute of limitations, the Speedy Trial Act, and the speedy trial provisions of the Sixth 
Amendment. The defendant agrees that any delay between the filing of this agreement and the 
entry of the defendant’s guilty plea pursuant to this agreement constitutes excludable time under 
the Speedy Trial Act. 
37. 
Based on the government’s concessions in this agreement, the defendant 
knowingly and voluntarily waives his right to appeal his conviction or sentence in this case and 
further waives his right to challenge his conviction or sentence in any post-conviction 
proceeding, including but not limited to a motion pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 2255. As used in this 
paragraph, the term “sentence” means any term of imprisonment, term of supervised release, 
term of probation, supervised release condition, fine, forfeiture order, and restitution order.  The 
defendant’s waiver of appeal and post-conviction challenges includes the waiver of any claim 
Case 1:25-cr-00069-WCG     Filed 01/27/26     Page 10 of 14     Document 25
 
 
11 
 
that (1) the statute or Sentencing Guidelines under which the defendant is convicted or sentenced 
are unconstitutional, and (2) the conduct to which the defendant has admitted does not fall within 
the scope of the statute or Sentencing Guidelines.  This waiver does not extend to an appeal or 
post-conviction motion based on (1) any punishment in excess of the statutory maximum, (2) the 
sentencing court’s reliance on any constitutionally impermissible factor, such as race, religion, or 
sex, (3) ineffective assistance of counsel in connection with the negotiation of the plea agreement 
or sentencing, or (4) a claim that the plea agreement was entered involuntarily. 
MISCELLANEOUS MATTERS 
38. 
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 3583(d), the defendant has been advised and understands 
the court shall order as a mandatory condition of supervised release, that the defendant comply 
with state sex offender registration requirements. The defendant also has been advised and 
understands that under the Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act, a federal law, he 
must register and keep the registration current in each of the following jurisdictions: the location 
of his residence; the location of his employment; and, if he is a student, the location of his 
school. Registration will require that the defendant provide information that includes, name, 
residence address, and the names and addresses of any places at which he will be an employee or 
a student. The defendant understands that he must update his registration not later than three 
business days after any change of name, residence, employment, or student status. The defendant 
understands that failure to comply with these obligations may subject him to prosecution for 
failure to register under federal law, 18 U.S.C. § 2250, which is punishable by a fine and/or 
imprisonment. 
 
 
 
Case 1:25-cr-00069-WCG     Filed 01/27/26     Page 11 of 14     Document 25
 
 
12 
 
GENERAL MATTERS 
39. 
The parties acknowledge, understand, and agree that this agreement does not 
require the government to take, or not to take, any particular position in any post-conviction 
motion or appeal. 
40. 
The parties acknowledge, understand, and agree that the United States Attorney’s 
office is free to notify any local, state, or federal agency of the defendant’s conviction. 
41. 
The defendant understands that pursuant to the Victim and Witness Protection 
Act, the Justice for All Act, and regulations promulgated thereto by the Attorney General of the 
United States, the victim of a crime may make a statement describing the impact of the offense 
on the victim and further may make a recommendation regarding the sentence to be imposed. 
The defendant acknowledges and understands that comments and recommendations by a victim 
may be different from those of the parties to this agreement.  
EFFECT OF DEFENDANT’S BREACH OF PLEA AGREEMENT 
42. 
The defendant acknowledges and understands if he violates any term of this 
agreement at any time, engages in any further criminal activity prior to sentencing, or fails to 
appear for sentencing, this agreement shall become null and void at the discretion of the 
government. Alternatively, the government may, in its discretion, ask the Court to be released 
from specific obligations under this plea agreement to reflect the defendant’s conduct if the 
defendant commits a federal, state, or local offense punishable by a term of imprisonment 
exceeding one year or violates a material term of the plea agreement.   The defendant further 
acknowledges and understands that the government’s agreement to dismiss any charge is 
conditional upon final resolution of this matter. If this plea agreement is revoked or if the 
defendant’s conviction ultimately is overturned, then the government retains the right to reinstate 
any and all dismissed charges and to file any and all charges which were not filed because of this 
Case 1:25-cr-00069-WCG     Filed 01/27/26     Page 12 of 14     Document 25
 
 
13 
 
agreement. The defendant hereby knowingly and voluntarily waives any defense based on the 
applicable statute of limitations for any charges filed against the defendant as a result of his 
breach of this agreement. The defendant understands, however, that the government may elect to 
proceed with the guilty plea and sentencing. If the defendant and his attorney have signed a 
proffer letter in connection with this case, then the defendant further acknowledges and 
understands that he continues to be subject to the terms of the proffer letter.  
VOLUNTARINESS OF DEFENDANT’S PLEA 
43. 
The defendant acknowledges, understands, and agrees that he will plead guilty 
freely and voluntarily because he is in fact guilty. The defendant further acknowledges and 
agrees that no threats, promises, representations, or other inducements have been made, nor 
agreements reached, other than those set forth in this agreement, to induce the defendant to plead 
guilty. 
 
Case 1:25-cr-00069-WCG     Filed 01/27/26     Page 13 of 14     Document 25
Case 1:25-cr-00069-WCG     Filed 01/27/26     Page 14 of 14     Document 25
