Case 3:23-cr-00102-MMH-SJH Document 43 Filed 07/15/25 Page 1 of 8 PagelD 300

UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
MIDDLE DISTRICT OF FLORIDA

JACKSONVILLE DIVISION
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA Case Number: 3:23-cr-102-MMH-SJH
v. USM Number: 37225-511
JEREMY WAYNE LEGGETT Sabra Barnett, FPD
200 West Forsyth Street
Suite 1240

Jacksonville, FL 32202
JUDGMENT IN A CRIMINAL CASE

The defendant pleaded guilty to Count One of the Indictment. The defendant is adjudicated guilty
of this offense:

Date Offense Count

Title & Section Nature of Offense Concluded Number(s)
18 U.S.C. § 2422(b) Attempted Online Enticement ofa June 2023 One
Minor to Engage in Iegal Sexual
Activity

The defendant is sentenced as provided in pages 2 through 8 of this judgment. The sentence is
imposed pursuant to the Sentencing Reform Act of 1984.

IT IS ORDERED that the defendant must notify the United States attorney for this district
within 30 days of any change of name, residence, or mailing address until all fines, restitution,
costs and special assessments imposed by this judgment are fully paid. If ordered to pay
restitution, the defendant must notify the court and United States attorney of material changes in
economic circumstances.

Date of Imposition of Sentence:
duly 14, 2025

MARCIA MORALES HOWARD
UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE

July iP S , 2025

AO245B (Rev. 09/19) Judgment in a Criminal Case



Case 3:23-cr-00102-MMH-SJH Document 43 Filed 07/15/25 Page 2 of 8 PagelD 301
Page 2 of 8

Jeremy Wayne Leggett
3:23-cr-102-MMH-SJH

IMPRISONMENT

The defendant is hereby committed to the custody of the Federal Bureau of Prisons to be
imprisoned for a total term of TWO HUNDRED TEN (210) MONTHS.

The Court makes the following recommendations to the Bureau of Prisons:

« Incarceration at a facility that offers sex offender treatment in the state of Colorado.

¢ Defendant participate in any sex offender treatment available at the facility of
designation.

¢ Defendant participate in any drug treatment available, including the RDAP program,

¢ Defendant enroll in any educational and vocational programs available.

¢ Defendant be designated to a facility that has a drop-out yard and that he be
assigned to and housed in that area.

The defendant is remanded to the custody of the United States Marshal.

RETURN
Ihave executed this judgment as follows:
Defendant delivered on to
at , with a certified copy of this judgment.
UNITED STATES MARSHAL
By:

Deputy United States Marshal

AO245B (Rev. 09/19) Judgment in a Criminal Case


Case 3:23-cr-00102-MMH-SJH Document 43 Filed 07/15/25 Page 3 of 8 PagelD 302
Page 3 of 8

Jeremy Wayne Leggett
3:23-cr-102-MMH-SJH

SUPERVISED RELEASE

Upon release from imprisonment, you will be on supervised release for a term of FIFTEEN
(15) YEARS.

MANDATORY CONDITIONS

1. You must not commit another federal, state or local crime.

2. You must not unlawfully possess a controlled substance.

3. You must refrain from any unlawful use of a controlled substance. You must submit to one
drug test within 15 days of release from imprisonment and at least two periodic drug tests
thereafter, as determined by the court.

4. You must cooperate in the collection of DNA as directed by the probation officer.

5. You must comply with the requirements of the Sex Offender Registration and Notification

Act (34 U.S.C. § 20901, et seq.) as directed by the probation officer, the Bureau of Prisons,
or any state sex offender registration agency in the location where you reside, work, are a
student, or were convicted of a qualifying offense.

You must comply with the standard conditions that have been adopted by this court as well as
with any other conditions on the attached page.

AO245B (Rev. 09/19) Judgment in a Criminal Case


Case 3:23-cr-00102-MMH-SJH Document 43 Filed 07/15/25 Page 4 of 8 PagelD 303
Page 4 of 8

Jeremy Wayne Leggett
3:23-cr-102-MMH-SJH

STANDARD CONDITIONS OF SUPERVISION

As part of your supervised release, you must comply with the following standard conditions of
supervision. These conditions are imposed because they establish the basic expectations for your
behavior while on supervision and identify the minimum tools needed by probation officers to keep
informed, report to the court about, and bring about improvements in your conduct and condition.

1. You must report to the probation office in the federal judicial district where you are
authorized to reside within 72 hours of your release from imprisonment, unless the
probation officer instructs you to report to a different probation office or within a different
time frame.

2. After initially reporting to the probation office, you will receive instructions from the court
or the probation officer about how and when you must report to the probation officer, and
you must report to the probation officer as instructed.

3. You must not knowingly leave the federal judicial district where you are authorized to reside

without first getting permission from the court or the probation officer.

You must answer truthfully the questions asked by your probation officer.

You must live at a place approved by the probation officer. If you plan to change where you

live or anything about your living arrangements (such as the people you live with), you must

notify the probation officer at least 10 days before the change. If notifying the probation
officer in advance is not possible due to unanticipated circumstances, you must notify the
probation officer within 72 hours of becoming aware of a change or expected change.

6. You must allow the probation officer to visit you at any time at your home or elsewhere, and
you must permit the probation officer to take any items prohibited by the conditions of your
supervision that he or she observes in plain view.

7. You must work full time (at least 30 hours per week) at a lawful type of employment, unless
the probation officer excuses you from doing so. If you do not have full-time employment
you must try to find full-time employment, unless the probation officer excuses you from
doing so. If you plan to change where you work or anything about your work (such as your
position or your job responsibilities), you must notify the probation officer at least 10 days
before the change. If notifying the probation officer at least 10 days in advance is not possible
due to unanticipated circumstances, you must notify the probation officer within 72 hours
of becoming aware of a change or expected change.

8. You must not communicate or interact with someone you know is engaged in criminal
activity. If you know someone has been convicted of a felony, you must not knowingly
communicate or interact with that person without first getting the permission of the
probation officer.

9. Ifyou are arrested or questioned by a law enforcement officer, you must notify the probation
officer within 72 hours.

10. You must not own, possess, or have access to a firearm, ammunition, destructive device, or
dangerous weapon (i.e., anything that was designed, or was modified for, the specific
purpose of causing bodily injury or death to another person such as nunchucks or tasers).

11. You must not act or make any agreement with a law enforcement agency to act as a
confidential human source or informant without first getting the permission of the court.

ou

AO245B (Rev. 09/19) Judgment in a Criminal Case


Case 3:23-cr-00102-MMH-SJH Document 43 Filed 07/15/25 Page 5 of 8 PagelD 304
Page 5 of 8

Jeremy Wayne Leggett
3:23-cr-102-MMH-SJH

12. If the probation officer determines that you pose a risk to another person (including an
organization), the probation officer may require you to notify the person about the risk and
you must comply with that instruction. The probation officer may contact the person and
confirm that you have notified the person about the risk.

13. You must follow the instructions of the probation officer related to the conditions of
supervision.

U.S. Probation Office Use Only

AUS. probation officer has instructed me on the conditions specified by the court and has
provided me with a written copy of this judgment containing these conditions. For further
information regarding these conditions, see Overview of Probation and Supervised Release
Conditions, available at: www.uscourts.gov.

Defendant’s Signature: Date:

AO245B (Rev. 09/19) Judgment in a Criminal Case


Case 3:23-cr-00102-MMH-SJH Document 43 Filed 07/15/25 Page 6 of 8 PagelD 305

Page 6 of 8
Jeremy Wayne Leggett
3:23-cr-102-MMH-SJH
ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS OF SUPERVISED RELEASE
1. You shall participate in a substance abuse program (outpatient and/or inpatient) and follow

the probation officer's instructions regarding the implementation of this court directive.
Further, you shall contribute to the costs of these services not to exceed an amount
determined reasonable by the Probation Office’s Sliding Scale for Substance Abuse
Treatment Services. During and upon the completion of this program, you are directed to
submit to random drug testing.

2. You shall participate in a mental health treatment program (outpatient and/or inpatient)
and follow the probation officer's instructions regarding the implementation of this court
directive. Further, you shall contribute to the costs of these services not to exceed an amount
determined reasonable by the Probation Office’s Sliding Scale for Mental Health Treatment
Services.

3. You shall participate in a mental health program specializing in sexual offender treatment
and submit to polygraph testing for treatment and monitoring purposes. You shall follow
the probation officer's instructions regarding the implementation of this court directive.
Further, you shall contribute to the costs of such treatment and/or polygraphs not to exceed
an amount determined reasonable by the probation officer based on ability to pay or
availability of third party payment and in conformance with the Probation Office's Sliding
Scale for Treatment Services.

4, You shall register with the state sexual offender registration agency(s) in any state where
you reside, visit, are employed, carry on a vocation, or are a student, as directed by the
probation officer.

5. The probation officer shall provide state officials with all information required under Florida
sexual predator and sexual offender notification and registration statutes (F.S. 943.0435)
and/or the Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (Title I of the Adam Walsh Child
Protection and Safety Act of 2006, Public Law 109-248), and may direct the defendant to
report to these agencies personally for required additional processing, such as
photographing, fingerprinting, and DNA collection.

6. You shall have no direct contact with minors (under the age of 18) without the written
approval of the probation officer and shall refrain from entering into any area where
children frequently congregate including: schools, daycare centers, theme parks,
playgrounds, etc.

7. You are prohibited from possessing, subscribing to, or viewing, any images, video,
magazines, literature, or other materials depicting children in the nude and/or in sexually
explicit positions.

8. Without prior written approval of the probation officer, you are prohibited from either
possessing or using a computer (including a smart phone, a hand-held computer device, a
gaming console, or an electronic device) capable of connecting to an online service or internet

AO245B (Rev. 09/19) Judgment in a Criminal Case


Case 3:23-cr-00102-MMH-SJH Document 43 Filed 07/15/25 Page 7 of 8 PagelD 306
Page 7 of 8

Jeremy Wayne Leggett
3:23-cr-102-MMH-SJH

service provider. This prohibition includes a computer at a public library, an internet café,
your place of employment, or an educational facility. Also, you are prohibited from
possessing an electronic data storage medium (including a flash drive, a compact disk, and
a floppy disk) or using any data encryption technique or program. If approved to possess or
use a device, you must permit routine inspection of the device, including the hard drive and
any other electronic data storage medium, to confirm adherence to this condition. The
United States Probation Office must conduct the inspection in a manner no more intrusive
than necessary to ensure compliance with this condition. If this condition might affect a
third party, including your employer, you must inform the third party of this restriction,
including the computer inspection provision.

9. You shall submit to a search of your person, residence, place of business, any storage units
under your control, computer, or vehicle, conducted by the United States Probation Officer
at a reasonable time and in a reasonable manner, based upon reasonable suspicion of
contraband or evidence of a violation of a condition of release. You shall inform any other
residents that the premises may be subject to a search pursuant to this condition. Failure
to submit to a search may be grounds for revocation.

10. You shall provide the probation officer access to any requested financial information.

CRIMINAL MONETARY PENALTIES

The defendant must pay the following total criminal monetary penalties under the schedule
of payments set forth in the Schedule of Payments.
AVAA JVTA

Assessment Fine Restitution
Assessment! Assessment?

TOTALS = $100.00 $0.00 $0.00 $0.00 $0.00

' Amy, Vicky, and Andy Child Pornography Victim Assistance Act of 2018, Pub. L. No. 115-299.
° Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015, Pub. L. No. 114-22.

AO245B (Rev. 09/19) Judgment in a Criminal Case


Case 3:23-cr-00102-MMH-SJH Document 43 Filed 07/15/25 Page 8 of 8 PagelD 307
Page 8 of 8

Jeremy Wayne Leggett
3:23-cr-102-MMH-SJH

SCHEDULE OF PAYMENTS
The Special Assessment in the amount of $100.00 is due in full and immediately.

Unless the court has expressly ordered otherwise, if this judgment imposes a period of
imprisonment, payment of criminal monetary penalties is due during the period of imprisonment.
All criminal monetary penalties, except those payments made through the Federal Bureau of
Prisons’ Inmate Financial Responsibility Program, are made to the clerk of the court, unless
otherwise directed by the court.

The defendant shall receive credit for all payments previously made toward any criminal monetary
penalties imposed.

FORFEITURE

The defendant shall forfeit the defendant's interest in the following property to the United
States:

See Preliminary Order of Forfeiture (Dkt. No. 40) entered on July 14, 2025.

Payments shall be applied in the following order: (1) assessment, (2) restitution principal, (3)
restitution interest, (4) AVAA assessment, (5) fine principal, (6) fine interest, (7) community
restitution, (8) JVTA assessment, (9) penalties, and (10) costs, including cost of prosecution and
court costs.

AO245B (Rev. 09/19) Judgment in a Criminal Case
